{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf130
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue233;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-6\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs21 \cf0 1. Titile: 
\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This is pretty obvious - the title will be at the beginning of the specification. Many years ago, patents had very short, very generic titles - "Tool", "Device". Today, titles are longer and more specific, especially in patent based on applications from some other countries. Japan, in particular, tends toward very long titles.\'a0 \
\

\f0\fs21 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \

\b 2. Related patents\
3. Goal/purpose of invention
\b0 \

\b 4. Background (Overview)\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This section discusses the "prior art" - that is, what was known before the invention. This will often include references to specific patents or other documents, and might include a discussion of shortcomings of prior patents.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-6\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs21 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 3. Field of the invention\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
This is a very broad description of the area of technology into which the patent falls.\'a0 Traditionally, the field of the invention is stated in two sentences. The first is sort of a paraphrasing of the class definition, the second is similar to a subclass definition. For example, "The invention pertains to hand tools. More specifically, the invention pertains to adjustable wrenches."
\f0\fs21 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-6\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 6. Effects of this invention\
5. How good for business\
8. Ideal want to protect\

\b0 \

\b 7. Brief description
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A reference to and brief description of each Figure in the drawing(s) as set forth in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://squid.law.cornell.edu/cgi-bin/get-cfr.cgi?TITLE=37&PART=1&SECTION=74&TYPE=TEXT"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 37 CFR 1.74}}. This really means brief. One sentence, only, in the form: "Fig. 1 shows a side view of the frammis of the invention", or "Fig. 6 shows a sectional view of the frammis, along the lines 6-6 in fig. 5."\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Definition of terms you'll see in this section (see also {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.bpmlegal.com/howtopat3.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 our page on drawings}}):\'a0\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "perspective" - the view is simulated 3-D\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "sectional" - the figure is of a cut through the invention, like slicing an apple through the core. If the section is taken from another drawing, the other drawing should have a "section line" indicating where the cut is made, and which direction it is "looking".\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "cut-away" - similar to a section, but only part of the invention is revealed - like cutting away part of the apple peel to show the seeds in one spot.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "detail" - a part of another figure, enlarged. The other figure should have the area of detail called out, usually by dotted or dashed lines.\'a0\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "exploded" - the parts of the invention are shown physically separated, with lines indicating where they go.\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 "plan view" - same as top view\
\ls1\ilvl0\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 elevation view" - same as front view.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-6\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\b \cf0 8. Detailed of description.
\b0 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0

\f1\fs24 \cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A description of the preferred embodiment(s) of the invention as required in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://squid.law.cornell.edu/cgi-bin/get-cfr.cgi?TITLE=37&PART=1&SECTION=71&TYPE=TEXT"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 37 CFR 1.71.}} The description should be as short and specific as is necessary to adequately and accurately describe the invention.\
\
This section of the specification is used to describe the various embodiments of the invention in great detail. Each of the figures will be explained, and, at least in theory, every reference number in the drawing will be called out and named in the detailed description. The detailed description will often include a method of making an invention, or a method of using it. Sometimes there will be one or more "examples", especially in method patents or in inventions which have chemical or biotech elements, where it is necessary to demonstrate the utility of the invention.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\sa240\partightenfactor0
\cf2 "Embodiments" are versions or variations on the invention. The various embodiments are supposed to all be the same invention - the rule is "one invention to a patent, and one patent to an invention". If the Examiner felt that two embodiments were, in fact, two independently patentable inventions, they might have been split out into two applications and might now be two patents (the second one is called a "divisional" of the first).\'a0\
Because US practice seldom amends the specification to correspond to the claims, you will usually find that the detailed description in the parent patent and any divisional are identical, with only the claims differing between the two. That is, if the original application described two different inventions, the Examiner would have required the applicant to pick one to proceed with, and any claims directed to the other invention would be withdrawn. The applicant could file a divisional application with only the claims which were withdrawn from the first application, and the result would be two identical patent specifications, describing both inventions, with the claims to the first invention in the parent patent, and the claims to the second invention in the divisional patent.\'a0\
\pard\pardeftab720\ri-6\sl360\slmult1\qj\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs21 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
What is claim:\
}